They have a racism bias training and they have these people sit down
and they talk to you about like, this is what you do. You know,
if a person of color walks in this way, like, you know, it's, everybody's like,
Chad, I don't want to be racist, but it's, I don't think it works, man.
And I don't think it's,
it's not the way that racism sucks and the way to
stop racism is be a good person. Yeah.
Like the more good people we have, they'll inspire more good people.
We will all realize that racism is stupid and we should treat people as
individuals. Always, whether it's by gender, by sexual preferences,
origin of your, your ancestors. I don't care. I mean,
I care in terms of like sexual preference. I care in terms of like,
whether I think you're attractive or not. I care in terms of like,
whether I decide, you know, the, to, you know,
like there's some people that want to hang out with really loud people.
There's some people that want to hang out with people that are like more demure
or some people that are more introspect. Everybody likes different.
You're allowed to like different,
but you're not allowed to discriminate against someone and keep them from
occupation or keep them from place to live.
And if we all thought that way and just treated people on the merit of their own
individual personality and character, we'd have a way better world.
I think we could all agree to that.
As soon as you get in these groups of all white people or all Asians are all
like come on, man, that's too small. That's such a gross generalization.
It's too small of a common denominators to weird the, what, what you are like,
how much of what you are, is where the you're from and, you can't control it.
How much melanin you have in your skin. That's ridiculous.
What you are is all the things you've you've experienced and all the life
you've lived and all the lessons you've learned where you are at this moment.
You know? And if I like you at 30,
I might not have liked to you when you were 18. You might've been annoying,
but I meet you when you're 30. And I'm like, Hey, you're cool. You know? And,
and everything's great. Yeah. And that should be okay too.
It's not like we have to distinguish between people just being,
not interested in talking to any one individual and what
is wrong with,
with gross generalizations and then tribal ideas of like
sticking to only people of European ethnicity.
And these are the good folks of European descent. Like you're crazy.
Civilization's been down that road stupid. You can't do that again.
And you can't do it for Asians either. You can't do it for black people.
You can't do it for anything.
You can't say everybody's great in this group because it's nonsense.
It's so simplistic. It's not just simplistic. It's dangerous.
And it also makes people scared to say anything about it. Like,
I don't want you thinking that I hate the thing I like about.
The thing I like about not censoring hate speech is if you let hate for
people say they're hateful things, you know where the dangerous people are.
So if you're censoring, like you can't use this where you can't say this,
you can't say that you don't know who the weirdos are. That hate black people.
They hate gay people that hate the trans cause everyone's acting exactly the
same. Like everything's cool.
And then when they're with their friends or whoever, the people that,
that think like them, then they're, Buting all their hate and. And.
Well, whenever people can express themselves freely,
there's going to be some sort of suppression.
And if there's some sort of suppression,
there is a resentment of that suppression.
And then there's just like this anxiety and this tension, you know, it's like,
when,
what it's essentially what we're saying is when you think about people in
business meetings, how they're forced to communicate,
how they're forced to dress, how they're forced to communicate,
they'd go into this very professional building.
All the women are dressed professional. All the men address professional,
they all get together in these conference tables. And everyone is agreeing,
even though these are sexual beings who may be like cocaine,
you know, and they they've been, you know, they
they've, they've been to music festivals and they've maybe been to burning man,
but they're contained, they're contained in this room.
And they're talking about statistics that talk about probabilities.
And then someone brings up diversity. Yes. Diversity, all very important.
And everyone is behaving in this super weird world
where you can't, you can't move outside the box. Even remotely. If you,
if you move outside the box, even a little, if you say,
you know about the guy from Netflix,
he got fired because he used the N word in a descriptive. He was,
he was talking about Tom Segura,
special where Tom Seger was talking about changes in language.
He he's talking about, uh, some words you can't say anymore. And he says like,
you can't say retarded. He says this just because he said that,
just because he said that people were getting angry at him and protesting and
groups were trying to boycott Netflix. I remember him, right?
So this guy, I don't remember his name, but he was, uh,
one of the big wigs at Netflix. And he said, he was like,
it's like saying the word to an African-American person.
That's what it's like to say.
We're targeted to a family where someone has someone who's down since.
So he was defending, he was talking about how offensive that word is to people.
So it was like, this is the issue that we're dealing with.
So you're just talking about it in a very matter of fact, way.
They report him for saying the word and he gets fired.
And apparently he did this twice. This is what I read in the same context. Yes.
The same exact context. So he's repeating this thought, it's,
he's basically having, um, where they're doing an intellectual exercise. Like,
is this, is it the same to you?
And he's saying it around African-American people,
but in saying it around African-American people,
just the fact that he said the word uttered it like abracadabra,
just saying it was enough for him to lose his very high profile job at Netflix
was apparently well-liked. And it really do you think, do.
You think we're becoming like this because our lives are too easy. Th that,
like, if we had to struggle to get food and protect our families,
we wouldn't be worried about this word or that word or.
Feelings a hundred percent. Yeah. I think we're, we're,
we're seeking out altercations when we,
cause I think we're programmed for a certain amount of, uh,
interaction with people that's unpleasant we're sir,
we're programmed for a certain amount of competition,
whether it's verbal or physical, we're programmed for it.
I think it's what got us to 2018 in terms of the crazy
history of the human species. Is it marched across the world?
Just imagine leaving Africa, what do you got animal skins on your feet?
And you're walking out like what, who are the? Were those people?
And what kind of people did they encounter? That's our ancestors, you know,
our ancestors had just been dealing with forever. And when there's no,
like there's some over there. There's 78 different gender pronouns.
And the reason why you don't think so is because you're a cis-gendered white
privilege piece of. All white people are racist.
And then you start tweeting up a storm. Those,
if you go to those people's pages, one of the things that I've,
I'll find a person who says like preposterous.
And if I'm not blocked by them from some gigantic auto blocker,
which sometimes they do these block, everybody.
But if someone I'm not blocked by them, I will bookmark them.
So instead of like following them so they know I'm following them,
I would just bookmark them. So I'll just go back.
So I have a file on my computer called crazy,
and I will go to this crazy page and I'll see them go through these
manic depressive states and freak out about the world.
And then every now and then something will get tossed in there about
relationships. You know, I mean.
Because I know, I know it is, it is harder for a, someone of color,
like a black or Arab or you know,
Asian around some people around some people, but saying white privilege.
Like there are a lot of white homeless men.
And whenever I see a white homeless dude,
I always want to give them money and go wipe white privilege.
I do. There's no doubt.
There's an advantage in this current climate and world to being white.
The problem is the white people are not guilty of doing anything just because
they're privileged. Right? So instead of calling it white privilege,
what we need to concentrate on is the people that are racist.
That's the only real problem. The only problem is racist people.
And even though why people get discriminated against less,
the problem was saying things like black people can't be racist because racism
is a power thing. And by people of power over black people, that's, it's,
it's a intellectual force. They know it is when they're saying it.
And it's just one thing that they just repeat and you're supposed to accept it.
And it's a part of what we were talking about earlier,
where there's a game that's going on. And the game is,
I want you to say the 78 different gender pronouns.
I want you to say that I want you to do that. I want you to refer to me as that.
I want you to refer to me as this. I want you to do what I want you to do.
I want you to stop using certain language.
I want you to start saying certain things. Cause that means I win. Yeah. That's.
Counterproductive because you're not teaching anyone how stupid it is to just
discriminate based on race. All you're doing is blocking out that being honest.
I think that that isn't doesn't even work. Anyway.
I think what really works is leading by example.
I think that's the only thing that works.
What I think we learned from is we learned from people better than us.
You see someone who is amazing and she's super smart and she's really kind to
people who are, God it. I got to be more like her. Yeah.
I think that's where we're missing that aspect of it. The, the, the chastising.
See, this is the problem with what goes on with the left in particular,
the brutal mean, uh, assault on people,
these Twitter gangs and S Facebook gangs.
They target someone and attack them. You are not changing anything.
And in fact, you are going to get people who see this horrible,
and they're going to go those people. I'm going that way.
And they go the other way and you recruit people to be on the right.
And this is literally how Donald Trump became president. One of the,
one of the major factors was people were noticing a trend and the trend was
towards these crybaby preposterous liberals that call it,
everything is racist. Everything is sexist. Everything is homophobic,
everything.
And everything falls into this blanket of transgression where there's no
innocent and everyone's guilty. And then when they find they run out of targets,
they go after each other for not being progressive enough to start calling each
other out. They find jealousy in the movement.
Something that really makes me happy that when I see people that have been
calling people out for years, and then they get called out, I'm like, it five.
Well, you know, I've seen it happen. You know, I've seen it.
I've seen it happen with, with people I've seen,
I've seen them become w Jamie Kilstein is a friend of mine.
And Jamie Kilstein was at one point in his life.
This really progressive activist guy who was like everything.
He said, had to be like super male feminist and super trans positive.
And I mean, he was like trying so hard to be accepted,
but he's super honest about it too. He's done a podcast about it and, you know,
he'd call people out and he'd be really mean and really vicious.
And then he realized he was getting all this anxiety from it.
He had to check his Twitter all day. He'd be walking the streets, couldn't stop,
like checking his Twitter, see what the replies were.
And he was realizing he was caught in this weird hate spiral. You know,
even though he was proporting,
he was acting on the premise that he was a good person.
He was going to call out all these bad people,
but he was like addicted to this weirdness. And then it turned on him.
It turned on him. Like some girls accused him of being creepy.
And it was like super minor, like trying to go on dates with people, like, just,
but that was enough that all you need is like one in that world.
Every in that world,
everyone is so hyper progressive and looking for any sort of deviation from the
pattern they can attack. And they just decided that this guy,
even though he had been like this model ally for, for a male, you know,
as a male feminist and for people of, um, of color and gave him,
stood for everything that they wanted him to. He's a piece of garbage.
Cause he's.
He's, he's heterosexual. Yeah.